Hello It is during
This time I used Dojo last time for the deck introduction of the six warriors, but this time
To say that ordinary asceticism six Takeshi without compassion
I hope to introduce you
a First
The opera is good
Kagemusha is three
Three Kiyama
Maiko City
One is gastric fistula
A minute is for 10,000 yen
You 're a kidding house
George'm good
It is
Sound enters
Three sheets of relaxation
3 ana work
Unity
30,000 good
Landscaping
Char composition
Great storm
Cyclone
It is a trap of the National Diet.
Even the donkey's livelier reality now
Demons chain is very sweet
There is no abyss of pitfalls It is not very often live in border
A country of great power
God's sentence
It means
It enters an extra
Support goes to the market
Good Machu date is the best
Catastor 10,000 yen
Parukion 10,000 yen
Outfield night is the best
black rose that contains one
Good scrap dragon is the best
Is best artificial eye Tech Fighter
Trisura Mist Oh
From here the station c is a shock ruler
Excalibur
hop
But Gem Night Pearl went in to say Ganba'tsutto
Was introduced in the recent number's coach 'say app Day
Because it is also how detailed gravel introduce you ask there be downloaded the app
Hey Well